feat: add mentorship section with some tips for mentees and mentors (#2717)
prometheus/docs: src/app/community/community.md

You have been selected for the Prometheus mentorship under LFX or GSoc? Congratulations! Here is some information for a quick start!

#### Onboarding Check List

- [X] Please see and acknowledge our [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct). TL;DR: Be nice and friendly, treat others like you would like to be treated.
- [X] Create an account on the [CNCF Slack](https://slack.cncf.io/). Please add any profile photo to make it unique. You can reach any of the mentors there.
- [X] Send your mentors your Slack account handle, so we can add you to private channels. We tend to have a private one with just you and your main mentors, and second with all mentees, ex-mentees and mentors (`#thanos-prometheus-mentees`).
- [X] Join main Prometheus Slack channels [1](#slack-channel), [2](#slack-channel-1) for future interactions with the community.
- [X] On the [dev Prometheus Slack channel](#slack-channel-1), write a few sentences to about yourself, say hello! 💜
- [X] You are welcome to join [social media](#social), start following others and gather your own followers! Who knows maybe you will get addicted? (: Feel free to post any related content around Prometheus while mentioning `@prometheus.io`.

> - [X] Ask maintainers to set up some weekly 2:1 meeting (highly recommended).

Reviewer: Did you mean "maintainers" or "mentors" here?

> - [X] Ask maintainers to set up some weekly 2:1 meeting (highly recommended).

Author: mentors!

    * Write in the working doc two sections: `What we did well`, `What we could do better`.
    * Give everyone 5-7m to write down (e.g. live) items in those two sections. Be specific, blameless and honest. It's not about offending anyone, but looking for improvements for both mentors and mentee work. Be critical to yourself, but also try to balance the good and to improve parts. There is always something we could do better (or much worse!).
    * When everyone has finished, create new section: `Learnings`.
    * Go through all elements on the list. Discuss the details. Try to find ideas how to mitigate problem or what to continue doing. Write down those things in `Learning` section.
    * At the end share the learnings to the team on mailing list.
    * Consider composing all learnings into some for or [a public content](#public-speaking-or-writing).

#### Public Speaking or Writing

In order to allow mentees to share the knowledge they learned and allow them to improve public speaking skills, at the end of mentorship cycles, mentors can encourage mentee to produce some public content on the relevant forums. Some ideas we did in the past:

> * Encourage mentee (or even co-speak with them!) on the next relevant conference or meetup (e.g. PromCon, KubeCon, local meetup), etc! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Encourage the mentee to speak (or even co-speak with them!) at the next relevant conference or meetup (e.g. PromCon, KubeCon, local meetup), etc!
```
